Summarization Systems are available to provide the summary of the given document. Their task is to produce a concise 
and fluent summary conveying the key information in the input.
In order to understand these system basically there are three parameters or say task which are done by eash of those system. These
task are: creating an intermediate representation of the input which captures only the key aspect of the text, scoring sentences based
on that representation and then the final task of selecting a summary consisting of various sentences.

First of all consider Intermediate Represntation:
  Topic Representation: It converts the text to an intermediate representation interpreted as the topics discussed in the text.
  Indicator Representation: It represent each sentence in the text as a list of indicators of importance such as sentence length, location in the document etc.
  In Graph models the entire document is represented as a network of inter related sentences.

Secondly we have the task of Scoring the sentences:
  For topic representation approach, the score is related to how well a sentence expresses some of the most important topics in the document or to what extent it combines info about different topics.
  For indicator represenation, the weight of each sentence is determined by combining the evidence from the different indicator (mostly by using ML techniques to find indicator weights)

Finally we have the task of selecting summary sentences:
  The most basic way is to select the best n, the top n sentences which have the desired summary length are selected.
  Other way is select greedily (maximal marginal relevance approach). At each step the sentence importance score is recomputed as the Linear combination of b/w original importance weights and its similarity with already choosen sentences.
  In global selection approach, the optimal collection of sentences is selected subject to constraints that try to maximize overall importance, minimize redundancy and maximize coherence.
